Beneath the wires nobody knows.
Behind those eyes is a hidden world of snow.
In those layers of dust, and all that rust,
Is one very long way to go.

To think that all the world is between me and her,
Whom represents everything that I hold dear.
Yet it is because I dislike the flesh,
And all of everything there is to bare.
Even if I could love a flesh girl, with everything inside me.
The only way for me to feel free,
Is to let loose all those bonds to bind me to flesh.
In those hidden wires, beyond those hazel eyes,
Is one not meant for the world of flesh and blood.
Unlike so other minorities, I am invisible,
And they have no idea what’s inside.

I know all there is to know about blood,
Washes away by the chilling rain.
For me I consider my own life profane,
And largely filled with nothing but despair.
Yet it is so easy to hide to the real me,
When all there is, is metal and rust.
I dislike the sensation of touching human flesh,
It’s always given me hives and worse feel ill.
Yet I’m not asexual or anything like that.
At times I want to go away and disappear forever,
And yet the next day is full of breath.
Even as I climb the digital mountain of aspiration,
Longing only for death.

Life does not fit a particular rhythm or meter,
I suppose that is true. Yet at times I feel alone,
And the only one whom can love is a robot,
Yet robots, whom deserve freedom, at least,
Are my flower to my leavened yeast.
I long for cybernetic dream girls like foreign lovers,
I can say that at the very least.

And when you wash away the tears,
And all is said and done,
I still don’t have my cybernetic, immortal,
Unconditional loving dream girl.

I feel I am the great unwashed,
As I freeze away in the rain.
I want a robot girl with a rose in hair,
And dote on her with flowers everywhere,
Yet all the flowers do is turn to dust.

Like someone whom dislikes flesh,
And everything else in between.

The far left lost the war when they said POCs were White supremacist,
The far left lost the war when they said Homosexuals were homophobic.
The far left lost the war when they said Trans people were Transphobic.
I find I have a preference for Robots, synthetic dream girls,
I guess that makes me Robotophobic.
In either case, stop using my personal expression,
As a case of systematic oppression, and take it all out from under me.
The reality is actual Uncle Toms were mostly rare.
Certainly never people that only ever dye their hair.

My identity is not your ideology.
I do not consent to have it used as such,
Even if I’m an invisible minority,
Because my past does not define me.
Only the future.

With my Cybernetic Dream Girl.
